<h2> Installation Instructions </h2>

<h3> Installing Nodejs </h3>

1. Click to [Install Node](https://nodejs.org/en/download/).
2. Once installed, open up a Command prompt and navigate to a directory where you would like the following project to be located. Please note that the project will create a folder in this location.

<h3> Installing Vue with CLI </h3>

1. run `npm install vue`.
2. run `npm install -g @vue/cli` NOTE: -g installs globally to the machine.

<h3> Creating The Vue Project </h3>

<h4> CLI Method </h4>

** Please note: `Enter` will CONFIRM, `Space` will SELECT (if error is made ctrl-c will terminate process). **

1. Run `vue create <project-name>`.
2. Arrow key down to `manually select`.
3. Arrow key and space on `router` and `vuex` confirm.
4. Arrow down to `Eslint + Prettier` and confirm.
5. Select `lint on save`.
6. Select `in dedicated config file`.
7. Type `N` for not saving preset.
8. Change directory to the project that was just created `cd <project-name>`.

> OPTIONAL: run `vue ui --dev` and import project directory for ui use later (provides analytics etc).

<h3> Required Vue Packages </h3>

To install the packages listed below please enter: 
1. `vue add vuetify` and hit enter on `default`.
2. `npm i vue-page-transition`
3. `npm i vue-flip`



> Vuetify - allows for advanced components such as forms, buttons and navbars.

<h3> VS Code Extensions </h3>

Please download/install the following extension:

> `Name: Vue VS Code Extension Pack`.

> `Id: sdras.vue-vscode-extensionpack`.

> `Description: A collection of extensions for working with Vue Applications in VS Code`.

> `Version: 0.2.0`.

> `Publisher: sarah.drasner`.

> `VS Marketplace Link: <https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=sdras.vue-vscode-extensionpack>`.

<h3> Using The Development Environment</h3>

1. To correct errors between dependencies please run: `npm run serve --fix`.
2. To build and run the project: `npm run serve` or `npm run dev`this will locally host the website 
3. To run please open a browser, and enter into the url `http://localhost:8080/`. 
  
<h3> Source Files - Github & Zipped File </h3>

Option 1: You will need to pull/clone this repo and use it to replace the pre-existing src and public files.

Option 2: Additionally you can download the zip file of the source code, extract it and copy & replace the files that were already generated by vue and vuetify.

<h3> Additional Information </h3>

> Open terminal and run `node -v` to check the install version.

> Check npm (Node Package Manger Version) `npm -v`.